there it is updraft
okay so I'm still can't I don't know
still confuse about how this that's
oriented because if we're chasing it one
watch in the base that picture no
that's it you're gay right it is okay so
for right here alright once we have
Justin Timberlake or flying we'll just
be ready to put you in a wall cloud
reckons rapid rotation we got a funnel
we got a possible tornado it's probably
coming down there it is this is what
it's about then
let's call right now it seems you
okay that is fun
no okay all right
never seen that before
reading signage around on the crap here
sound the ground
like two miles - miles south-southwest
of Lawrence
two miles south-southwest of Lawrence
it's just west of us 50 not
call Wichita
location le where to Southwest's to
south-southwest alliance
seconds lifted
and this is the tornado damage we just
traveled west northwest up k10 not the
rest or southwest side once he just took
pass through here right before the
tornado came as we came from its peak up
see it looks like it took off the book
those talent houses or apartments
there's the storms to the north of
Topeka Lawrence